In this lecture
the test method in a test test that uses
void method in class A this method uses
the void method on B which will be
stubbing out before we do that let's
change this return value from 0 to 1 as it
makes more sense to return a positive value instead
of 0 when everything goes through as
expected go back to the test rename
this test method from test to users void
method should call the void method, will  verify the
results as will see if the void method
gets called.Hit ctrlD to delete this
line from here let's create a new
instance of A new A we know that this
constructor expects to hit ctrl one here
or if you just point your curser it tells you that the
construction needs an instance of class B
so let's create an instance of class B
globally b b will not be creating any
instance but we know that we should mock
it out using this mockitos mock API
mock annotation we have B we can simply
pass that B here
assign this variable to a local
variable control 1 can even make this
a global by hitting control 1 here
convert local variable to field let's
create the before method now @before
public void setup is there will be
calling the init mocks initialize our
mocks you know how to do that
mockito annotations dot in it mocks
this will be passing the instance of
this test class so that at runtime all
our mocks are scanned and
initialized let's move this line A
equal to newA by holding alt and up arrow
into the setup method so that our test
methods are clean, let's start stubbing
there is not much to stub when it comes
to void methods when you throw exceptions or
when you test exceptions there is something we need to
do but by default all the methods on a
mockedout objects or stubbed out
objects do nothing so we
need not really have a when class and mock it
out by defaultt if we mockout a
object like this
the void methods on it will not return
anything or do anything so we are fine
we can simply call A dot use void
method and we can start verifying verify
B dot lets import this verify here
let's add the static static imports
import static org dot mockito dot  mockito class.star
verify B dot void
method hit control one there is an
exception that B is throwing so let's
add a throws declaration and that's it to
test void methods it's that simple
simply create a stub of that
class pr mockout that class we need not add a when class
explicitly there are uses of when class i
will show you later on to run this test
go to run as junit test and our test
passes as expected you can also assert
equals take this call from here move it to
actual place and then expected is one
and delete this line from here we can
also do assert same let's run the test again
so we do get a value called one back in
the next lecture I will show you how to
explicitly stubout a void method although
it is not required
there are usecases where we can use the
do-nothing method that is available in
mockito API